---
title: "Be Warned My Daughter - A Monster Among Us"
categories:
  - Post Formats
tags:
  - Poetry
---

There is a bad breed of monster I know, the shifting kind, with silver tongues, and names like Fred and Ted. Hard to identify, they look like us, bleed like us, but make no mistake, their heart beats nothing like us. Dangerous pathogens, 1 in 100, they are sown in as poisonous spores among lilies. Can they kill? Yes, in ruthless fashion with no remorse, but few do, and that’s not the warning I must inject into you, my dating age daughter.

The trouble is, how can I warn you about a monster, so impossible to identify. Maybe one said hi to you at the grocery store, maybe one is a friend. Many are apt, gifted with high IQ. Hell, they may be CEO. Through corporate ladders, and social circles they climb with aptitude. This monster is by and large well liked, and you daughter, will need a third eye, one trained to detect the proceeds of the heart.

To be safe, heed my best advice, “When you meet a man, clamp your hands tight over your ears, and read the words his actions speak”. For this sort of monster will deceive you through his tongue. His words are little actors, and through the channel of his mouth, they contort, and twist. As they dance through the air, and land in your ear, empathy is what each one will ooze; a sticky heartfelt substance, straight to your heart, from his brain.

This is not a man, but a monster, and he will fish for you his prey, with lures of charm. Innocuous, he will ever appear, but dear daughter beware. Fall in love, bite his hook, and his fangs are destined to extend. Whether quick or through the course of years, you are his. He will reel in the line. The hook first knocks, and then sinks deep into the messy part of your heart. With guard let down, you will be be shocked at what you find. You, on the wrong side of a puppeteers line. A prisoner to your captor, him, one of two kinds of this monster. Either the sociopath or his worse cousin, the psychopath.

-BF
