---
title: "Poetry: Mother, Screen, and Son"
categories:
  - Post Formats
tags:
  - Poetry
---

The parent and the screen, what a funny, sad thing. Oh, holy crusade, embarked on by every good mother of son. Unprepared, poor pretty thing; her mother never warned her.

Drafted in, and doomed from the start, to a war she didn’t want to fight. The enemy, Viet Cong, in a foreign jungle, a battlefield she will never understand. And how can she win with floppy support from husband homeland? Damned from the start, she must fight and will. From beginning to end, various tactics she will explore. She will start limitation and distraction. But, towards the end, with frustration and frayed hair, it will always be the napalm which she reaches to pour. Now, let us begin as little Tommy turns six.

What a glorious day, enemy marches in as friend. All cheer, and even mother smiles as Tommy tears off the wrapping to the Trojan horse grandma brought in. With beep and bop, his eyes glaze and shimmer. What joy and thrill; the sanbox and shovel cannot hold a candle.

But it doesn't take long, till something is awry. She passes by his door and with love she peeps in. What is this! Little Tommy is curled in a ball undercover, light poking out, artificial and colored."Tommy, what are you doing?" He tries to hide, and then... lies! She yanks the device, unsure what to do; she keeps it for the night. Only, the next day with dismay to discover, her hiding place plundered.

My oh my, Tommy is 8, he hardly goes outside. Hooked like a druggie, to dopamine needle. How can she fight, the father too abibes; he even supplies! Desperate, to distract she looks to enroll. “I’ll fill up Tommy's summer and schedule, that will keep him from the dole!” Off for soccer and baseball, and everything in between. Money and gas guzzled, she drives all over town. She wants to believe, it is working. But, she has to admit quietly to herself, in his free time, she never sees him kick the soccer ball...

14 and the fights become nasty. Her arsenal exhausted, battle hardened, she plunders on and refuses to surrender. Her resolve stronger than ever, but enemy is all over, multiplied and guerilla. Each bunker, she dismantles, and unplugs every router. But who is she fighting, she again wonders as Tommy screams "I hate you mom”,"You're no fun”, and "Just leave me alone". Endless, this war will not be won by sword or retreat. It will end though, at 18, her boy, will give her a hug. Off to college with a smile. The war forgotten, one that nobody won, but still needed to be fought.
